Add complete option in jwt.verify (#522)
auth0/node-jsonwebtoken: README.md

* `algorithms`: List of strings with the names of the allowed algorithms. For instance, `["HS256", "HS384"]`.
* `audience`: if you want to check audience (`aud`), provide a value here. The audience can be checked against a string, a regular expression or a list of strings and/or regular expressions. 
  > Eg: `"urn:foo"`, `/urn:f[o]{2}/`, `[/urn:f[o]{2}/, "urn:bar"]`

> * `complete`: return an object with the decoded payload and header

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `complete`: return an object with the decoded `{ payload, header, signature }` instead of only the usual content of the payload.
```
